           KEY DIFFERENCES BETWEEN VNMR AND VXR-4000

Users who have experience with the Varian VXR-4000 data system (or even
earlier data systems) will notice an obvious commonality in many aspects
of operation - names of parameters, names of commands, etc.  They will
also notice many obvious differences - windowing, use of the mouse,
menus, help screens, etc.  However there are also a fair number of more
subtle differences, which will not be immediately obvious but which will
have an impact on the operation of the system.  This section gives a
guide to some of those differences.

* MATH=I results in a 32-bit integer Fourier transform, since the
68020 is a full 32-bit computer.  MATH=D is not used, while MATH=F still
produces a 32-bit floating point transform.  For acquisition, however,
the definition is unchanged: DP=N produces a 16-bit acquisition, DP=Y
a 32-bit acquisition.

* Multiple copies of MACLIB, the macro library, are present.  Each user
has a MACLIB, as does the system as a whole.  When you type the name of
a macro, the system will look first through your MACLIB, and then
through the system MACLIB.  This allows you to change the operation of a
particular macro to suit your tastes without altering its operation for
other users.

* PSGLIB and SEQLIB similarly exist in two places: as a system file and
as a personal file.  Most users will only have permission to compile
pulse sequences into their personal file; only the system master
operator can change the system pulse sequences.

* Experiment files (EXP1, EXP2, etc.) are not "fixed-size" files but are
dynamically sized to suit the acquisition and data processing
requirements which are chosen.


