**********************************************************************
*								     *
*   plane  -  parameter to store currently displayed 3D plane type   *
*  path3d  -  parameter to store absolute path to currently dis-     *
*             played 2D planes extracted from a 3D data set          *
*								     *
**********************************************************************

plane:

plane is a VNMR string variable in the display group.  It can take the
values:  'f1f3', 'f3f1', 'f2f3', 'f3f2', 'f1f2', and 'f2f1'.  If plane
does not exist, it is created by the macro `par3d`.  plane contains the
type of 3D plane which is to be displayed within VNMR.  The VNMR command
select(), as well as the myriad of macros which make use of this com-
mand, requires the parameter plane to exist for 3D data sets and to
contain an appropriate value.

plane is set automatically by the macro `getplane`; it can also be set by
the macro `ft3d` if automatic plane extraction is requested at the end of
the 3D FT.  The order of priority for the plane types is 'f1f3', 'f2f3',
and then 'f1f2'.  In other words, if `getplane` is requested to extract
the F1F3 and the F2F3 planes, `plane` will be set to 'f1f3'. plane can
also be set manually.



path3d:

path3d is a VNMR string variable in the display group.  If path3d does not
exist, it is created by the macro `par3d`.  The VNMR command select(), as
well as the myriad of macros which make use of this command, requires the
parameter path3d for 3D data sets in order to know where the extracted 2D
planes can be found.

path3d is set automatically by the macros `ft3d` and `getplane`. `ft3d`
sets path3d to curexp/datadir3d if `ft3d` is not supplied with a directory
path for the transformed 3D data.  If `ft3d` is supplied with such a
directory path, e.g., '/home/data/test3D', path3d is set equal to that
directory path.  In this case, the 3D spectral data would reside in the
the directory /home/data/test3D/data.  `getplane` sets path3d to
curexp/datadir3d if `getplane` is not supplied with a directory path to
the transformed 3D data.  If `getplane` is supplied with such a directory
path, e.g., '/home/data/test3D', path3d is set equal to that directory
path.  In this case, the extracted 3D planes would reside in the directory
/home/data/test3D/extr.



Related Manual Entries:		ft3d			(macro)
				getplane		(macro)
				dplane			(macro)
				dproj			(macro)
				nextpl			(macro)
				prevpl			(macro)
				plplanes		(macro)
				dsplanes		(macro)
