
******************************************************************************
tune( 1st frequency, 2nd frequency, 3rd frequency, ... )
tune( 1st channel, 1st frequency, 2nd channel, 2nd frequency, ... )
******************************************************************************

Use the tune program to assign a frequency to a channel when tuning the probe.

This frequency assignmemnt applies only while tuning the probe.  It remains in
effect (as a tune frequency) until the next su or go command is executed.
Although only the 1st synthesizer is connected to the tuning subsystem, the
console is programmed to set the synthesizer to the desired frequency based on
the channel selected with the tune thumbwheel.

A frequency may be specified directly as the value in megahertz or indirectly
using the nucleus one wants to tune the probe for.  Each method is shown in
the example tune commands below.

The tune program has two formats.  The first assigns frequencies to channels
based on the order of the arguments.  The 1st argument is interpreted and
assigned to the first (observe) channel.  The 2nd is assigned to the second
(decoupler) channel.  A third or fourth argument would be interpreted and
assigned in a similar manner.

The second format lets you specify the channel directly.  In this mode the
arguments are entered in pairs, with the first specifying the channel and the
following specifying the frequency.  You must specify the channel using one
of the symbolic names listed in the table below:

      1      Observe          'todev'      'ch1'
      2      Decoupler        'dodev'      'ch2'
      3      2nd Decoupler    'do2dev'     'ch3'
      4      3rd Decoupler    'do3dev'     'ch4'

Choose one of the names in quotations; you have a choice of two for each
channel.  Do not enter the channel using just its number.

The tune program selects the format or mode base on its first argument.  If
this is a name for an RF channel, it assumes the second format; otherwise it
selects the first format.

If a string argument is not one of the channel names listed above, it is
assumed to be the name of a nucleus and must be found in the nucleus table.
Numeric arguments are always interpreted as frequencies in megahertz.

Examples:

      tune('H1','C13','N15')

      Set the first channel to tune at the frequency of proton,
      the second to tune for C13, and the 3rd to tune for N15.
      (If present, the fourth channel is not affected.)

      tune('H1','C13',200)

      Identical to the previous command, except the 3rd channel
      will tune at 200 MHz, regardless of the proton frequency.


      tune('ch4','P31')

      Select the frequency corresponding to P31 on the fourth
      channel, leaving the first three unaffected.


Related Manual Entries:

	btune		tune broadbnd channel on GEMINI 2000 BB (M)
			tune observe  channel on Mercury        (M)
	ctune		tune carbon   channel on GEMINI 2000 HC (M)
	dtune		tune lock     channel on GEMINI 2000    (M)
	htune		tune proton   channel on GEMINI 2000    (M)
	su		(command)
	spcfrq		(command)
	decfrq		(command)
	dec2frq		(command)
	dec3frq		(command)
	tuneoff		Turn transmitters off on Mercury and GEMINI 2000
			after tuning (M)
