
License Agreement

MFT and all included libraries (both in source and binary form) 
and all documentation in this package (the "Software") are 
copyrighted by Anna Zawadzka, Krzysztof Kazimierczuk and Wiktor 
Kozminski (the "Authors"). They may be used only under the terms 
of a license agreement from the Authors. If not superceded by 
another license from the Authors, this license shall govern all 
use of the Software. The Authors grant to you, an individual or 
an organization (the "Recipient") free permission to use and 
display the Software on your computer systems for non-commercial 
purpose, subject to the conditions below on attribution. The 
Authors grant to the Recipient permission to modify the Software 
for internal use only. The Recipient is expressly restricted 
from redistributing any modified and non-modified versions of 
the Software without Authors' permission to any other individual 
or entity. 

As a condition of use, the Authors require of the Recipient that 
any publication or public presentation of scientific results 
determined using the Software cite the following papers:

 Kazimierczuk K, Kozminski W, Zhukov I
 Two-dimensional Fourier transform of arbitrarily sampled NMR data sets
 J MAGN RESON 179: 323-328 (2006) 

 Kazimierczuk K, Zawadzka A, Kozminski W, Zhukov I
 Random sampling of evolution time space and Fourier transform processing
 J BIOMOL NMR 36: 157-168 (2006) 

 Kazimierczuk K, Zawadzka A, Kozminski W, Zhukov I
 Lineshapes and artifacts in Multidimensional Fourier Transform 
 of arbitrary sampled NMR data sets
 J Magn Reson 188: 344-356 (2007)

DISCLAIMER 

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, 
DISCLAIMING EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRIANTIES, INCLUDING BUT NOT 
LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS 
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE 
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR 
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT 
OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; 
OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF 
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT 
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT 
OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY 
OF SUCH DAMAGE.

